Company Description
QAD is building a world-class SaaS company, and we are growing. We are looking for talented individuals who want to join us on our mission to help solve relevant real-world problems in manufacturing and the supply chain. This hybrid position requires candidates to be based in Pune with 3-4 days of in-office collaboration per week.



Job Description
The Cloud CI/CD Engineer will be responsible for the design, development, and implementation of CI/CD pipelines supporting automation application deployment in both public and private clouds. Ensure an “Automate first” culture that builds in optimization and automation opportunities from the onset and accelerates adoption and rollout plans in the existing infrastructure. Responsibilities also include development & rollout of automated servers and application provisioning routines to perform headless installation of QAD application and third Party software across both Public and Private Clouds. The Cloud CI/CD Engineer will be embedded in product development and release cycles to ensure representation of an operational view of the product including Consistency/Standards, Security, Availability/Uptime, Scalability/Performance, Ease of Maintenance, Business Continuity, & Cost of Ownership

Responsibities: 

Design & Develop Infrastructure as Code (IaC) automation through DevSecOps pipelines. Provision and Manage Git Source Control Management (SCM).

Develop, Test, & Rollout automated application provisioning routines to perform headless installation of QAD application and third Party software. This includes development, documentation, and training for scripts & routines to deploy QAD ERP software, QAD Divisional software, and 3rd Party software

Troubleshoot, maintain, and improve upon new and existing CI/CD implementations

Evaluate and recommend potential new and/or improved technologies to help facilitate IaC execution and efficiency

 



Qualifications
Education:

Professional degree: Bachelor's degree in engineering or computer science, or equivalent experience

Graduate Program (MBA, MIB or Masters): 4 years with a Master’s degree

Number of Years:

Minimum 3 to 5 years of building automated solutions experience in cloud-based applications. Strong practical Windows and Linux-based systems administration skills in a Cloud or Virtualized environment. Infrastructure automation through DevOps scripting (E.g. shell, Python, Powershell, Terraform, Jenkins, Ansible, & similar technologies). Hands-on knowledge of Public Cloud (preferably AWS) services. Strong ability to design and develop scalable automation to quickly deploy large enterprise customers in both Public and Private Clouds. Wide breadth of experience working at all layers of the tech stack (database, networking, applications, infrastructure).

Computer Skills:

CI/CD pipeline creation and maintenance: Terraform, Packer, Jenkins, Ansible, Gitlab Cloud Infrastructure: AWS (preferred), Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP)Databases: MS SQL, Progress OpenEdge, Cassandra, MariaDB OS: RedHat Linux, Windows Containerization: Kubernetes, Docker, other Microservices Other technologies: Apache Tomcat, Kafka, NiFi, Spark, JVM Good Understanding of networking concepts (private vs public, TCP ports, VLANs, subnets, CIDR, etc.)

Other knowledge: 

MS SQL, Progress OpenEdge, Cassandra, MariaDB, RedHat Linux, Windows, Kafka, NiFi

Highly motivated self-starter and a change agent with experience and desire to drive organizations to be successful on cutting-edge Cloud technologies. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment with evolving requirements. Strong analytical and problem solving skills. Effectively able to depict complex systems through diagrams and documentation.  Excellent interpersonal skills to work with cross-functional teams. Knowledge of software development processes & lifecycle management. Able to effectively present technical information to non-technical audiences.  Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly. Strong customer relation and leadership skills



Additional Information
Your health and well being are important to us at QAD. We provide programs that help you strike a healthy work-life balance.
Opportunity to join a growing business, launching into its next phase of expansion and transformation.
Collaborative culture of smart and hard-working people who support one another to get the job done.
An atmosphere of growth and opportunity, where idea-sharing is always prioritized over level or hierarchy.
Compensation packages based on experience and desired skill set
About QAD:

QAD | Redzone is redefining manufacturing and supply chains through its intelligent, adaptive platform that connects people, processes, and data into a single System of Action. With three core pillars — Redzone (frontline empowerment), Adaptive Applications (the intelligent backbone), and Champion AI (Agentic AI for manufacturing) — QAD | Redzone helps manufacturers operate with Champion Pace, achieving measurable productivity, resilience, and growth in just 90 days.

QAD is committed to ensuring that every employee feels they work in an environment that values their contributions, respects their unique perspectives and provides opportunities for growth regardless of background. QAD’s DEI program is driving higher levels of diversity, equity and inclusion so that employees can bring their whole self to work.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 



Location
Pune, Maharashtra, India

Location
India - Pune - Adjunct 0ffice

Department
Engineering

Hiring manager
Abhinav Rastogi

Recruiter
Vikas Mane